getting-started/jg_1_descriptive-analyses.rst, before:

.. sectionauthor:: `Jonas Rafi <https://www.su.se/english/profiles/jora9288-1.283149>`__

====================
Descriptive analyses
====================

| How to perform descriptive analyses and create graphs in jamovi:

#. | Select ``Analyses`` → ``Exploration`` → ``Descriptives``.

   |select_descriptives|
   
   | 
   
#. | Drag and drop the variables you want descriptive analyses for to
     ``Variables``.  

   |add_var_descriptives| 

   | 
   
#. | The result is shown in the right panel. Right-click on the output
     to save or copy it.

   |output_descriptives| 

   | 
   
#. | To split your descriptive analyses on a categorical variable (e.g. to
     separate by gender), move that variable to ``Split by``.

   |add_var_descriptives_groupby|

   | This changes how the output looks like:

   |output_descriptives_groupby|

   | 
   
#. | Click the ``Statistics`` tab to see more alternatives.

   |select_descriptives_statistics|

   | 
   
#. | To create a plot based on the above choices, click the ``Plots`` tab and
     tick the box of your desired plot. If you would like to identify outliers
     and to check whehter your variables conform with a normal distribution,
     then you should tick ``Box plot``, ``Violin``, and ``Q-Q``. 
     
   |select_descriptives_plots|

   | 
   
#. | If you would like to have these concepts explained in a different way,
     please have a look at this `introductory video
     <https://www.youtube.com/embed/srqNCux0ijY?list=PLkk92zzyru5OAtc_ItUubaSSq6S_TGfRn>`__.
     
   |

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------

.. |select_descriptives|             image:: ../_images/jg_select_descriptives.jpg
   :width: 80%

.. |add_var_descriptives|            image:: ../_images/jg_add_var_descriptives.jpg
   :width: 80%

.. |output_descriptives|             image:: ../_images/jg_output_descriptives.jpg
   :width: 60%

.. |add_var_descriptives_groupby|    image:: ../_images/jg_add_var_descriptives_groupby.jpg
   :width: 80%

.. |output_descriptives_groupby|     image:: ../_images/jg_output_descriptives_groupby.jpg
   :width: 60%
   
.. |select_descriptives_statistics|  image:: ../_images/jg_select_descriptives_statistics.jpg
   :width: 80%

.. |select_descriptives_plots|       image:: ../_images/jg_select_descriptives_plots.jpg
   :width: 80%

Commit message:

Finished getting-started parts for German and Norwegian, added reference to lsj in jamovi-guide

getting-started/jg_1_descriptive-analyses.rst, after:

.. sectionauthor:: `Jonas Rafi <https://www.su.se/english/profiles/jora9288-1.283149>`__

====================
Descriptive analyses
====================

| How to perform descriptive analyses and create graphs in jamovi:

#. | Select ``Analyses`` → ``Exploration`` → ``Descriptives``.

   |select_descriptives|
   
   | 
   
#. | Drag and drop the variables you want descriptive analyses for to
     ``Variables``.  

   |add_var_descriptives| 

   | 
   
#. | The result is shown in the right panel. Right-click on the output
     to save or copy it.

   |output_descriptives| 

   | 
   
#. | To split your descriptive analyses on a categorical variable (e.g. to
     separate by gender), move that variable to ``Split by``.

   |add_var_descriptives_groupby|

   | This changes how the output looks like:

   |output_descriptives_groupby|

   | 
   
#. | Click the ``Statistics`` tab to see more alternatives.

   |select_descriptives_statistics|

   | 
   
#. | To create a plot based on the above choices, click the ``Plots`` tab and
     tick the box of your desired plot. If you would like to identify outliers
     and to check whehter your variables conform with a normal distribution,
     then you should tick ``Box plot``, ``Violin``, and ``Q-Q``. 
     
   |select_descriptives_plots|

   | 
   
#. | If you would like to have these concepts explained in a different way,
     please have a look at this `introductory video
     <https://www.youtube.com/embed/srqNCux0ijY?list=PLkk92zzyru5OAtc_ItUubaSSq6S_TGfRn>`__.
     
   | For those, aiming to stretch even further to an in-depth introduction, you
     can read the respective chapter in the “Learning statistics with jamovi”
     `part of this documentation <../lsj/Ch04_Descriptives.html>`__ or chapter
     4 of the `e-book <https://www.learnstatswithjamovi.com/>`__.
     
   |

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------

.. |select_descriptives|             image:: ../_images/jg_select_descriptives.jpg
   :width: 80%

.. |add_var_descriptives|            image:: ../_images/jg_add_var_descriptives.jpg
   :width: 80%

.. |output_descriptives|             image:: ../_images/jg_output_descriptives.jpg
   :width: 60%

.. |add_var_descriptives_groupby|    image:: ../_images/jg_add_var_descriptives_groupby.jpg
   :width: 80%

.. |output_descriptives_groupby|     image:: ../_images/jg_output_descriptives_groupby.jpg
   :width: 60%
   
.. |select_descriptives_statistics|  image:: ../_images/jg_select_descriptives_statistics.jpg
   :width: 80%

.. |select_descriptives_plots|       image:: ../_images/jg_select_descriptives_plots.jpg
   :width: 80%
