getting-started/jg_22_t-test-paired.rst, before:

.. sectionauthor:: `Jonas Rafi <https://www.su.se/english/profiles/jora9288-1.283149>`__

======================
t-test: Paired samples
======================

| How to perform a paired samples t-test in jamovi:

#. | You need two continuous variables. Make sure that the `measurement
     levels are set correctly <um_2_first-steps.html#data-variables>`_
     so that both the continuous variables are marked as |continuous|.

   | A correct setup should look similar to this:

   |data_format_ttest_paired|

   |

#. | Select ``Analyses`` → ``T-Tests`` → ``Paired Samples T-Test``.

   |select_ttest_paired| 

   |

#. | Drag and drop your two outcome variables to ``Paired Variables`` (select
     both variables in a pair at the same time - you do this by holding down
     the Ctrl key while clicking with the mouse on the variable you want to
     select).

   |add_var_ttest_paired| 

   | 

#. | The result is shown in the right panel.

   |

#. | This `video <https://www.youtube.com/embed/lSjfYYiJG6E?list=PLkk92zzyru5OAtc_ItUubaSSq6S_TGfRn>`__
     provides a little more comprehensive introduction into this test.
     
   |
 
.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------

.. |continuous|                image:: ../_images/variable-continuous.*
   :width: 16px
.. |data_format_ttest_paired|  image:: ../_images/jg_data_format_ttest_paired.jpg
   :width: 40%
.. |select_ttest_paired|       image:: ../_images/jg_select_ttest_paired.jpg
   :width: 40% 
.. |add_var_ttest_paired|      image:: ../_images/jg_add_var_ttest_paired.jpg 
   :width: 70%

Commit message:

Finished getting-started parts for German and Norwegian, added reference to lsj in jamovi-guide

getting-started/jg_22_t-test-paired.rst, after:

.. sectionauthor:: `Jonas Rafi <https://www.su.se/english/profiles/jora9288-1.283149>`__

======================
t-test: Paired samples
======================

| How to perform a paired samples t-test in jamovi:

#. | You need two continuous variables. Make sure that the `measurement
     levels are set correctly <um_2_first-steps.html#data-variables>`_
     so that both the continuous variables are marked as |continuous|.

   | A correct setup should look similar to this:

   |data_format_ttest_paired|

   |

#. | Select ``Analyses`` → ``T-Tests`` → ``Paired Samples T-Test``.

   |select_ttest_paired| 

   |

#. | Drag and drop your two outcome variables to ``Paired Variables`` (select
     both variables in a pair at the same time - you do this by holding down
     the Ctrl key while clicking with the mouse on the variable you want to
     select).

   |add_var_ttest_paired| 

   | 

#. | The result is shown in the right panel.

   |

#. | This `video 
     <https://www.youtube.com/embed/lSjfYYiJG6E?list=PLkk92zzyru5OAtc_ItUubaSSq6S_TGfRn>`__
     provides a little more comprehensive introduction into this test.

   | For those, aiming to stretch even further to an in-depth introduction, you
     can read the respective section in the “Learning statistics with jamovi”
     `part of this documentation <../lsj/Ch11_tTest_05.html>`__ or chapter
     \11.5 of the `e-book <https://www.learnstatswithjamovi.com/>`__.  
     
   |
 
.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------

.. |continuous|                image:: ../_images/variable-continuous.*
   :width: 16px
.. |data_format_ttest_paired|  image:: ../_images/jg_data_format_ttest_paired.jpg
   :width: 40%
.. |select_ttest_paired|       image:: ../_images/jg_select_ttest_paired.jpg
   :width: 40% 
.. |add_var_ttest_paired|      image:: ../_images/jg_add_var_ttest_paired.jpg 
   :width: 70%
