getting-started/jg_31_unianova.rst, before:

.. sectionauthor:: `Jonas Rafi <https://www.su.se/english/profiles/jora9288-1.283149>`__

=============
ANOVA: Oneway
=============

| How to perform a Oneway ANOVA in jamovi:

#. | You need one grouping variable and one continuous outcome variable.
     Make sure that the `measurement levels are set correctly
     <um_2_first-steps.html#data-variables>`_ so that the grouping
     variable is marked as |nominal| and the continuous variable is
     marked as |continuous|.
     
   | A correct setup should look similar to this:  

   |data_format_unianova|
   
   |

#. | Select ``Analyses`` → ``ANOVA`` → ``One-way ANOVA``.

   |select_unianova|

   | 

#. | Drag and drop your outcome variable to ``Dependent Variable`` and
     your grouping variable to ``Fixed Factors``.

   |add_var_unianova_1|

   | 

#. | Select whether your variances are equal or unequal. To test for
     equality of variancess using Levene’s test, tick the box ``Equality
     of variances``.

   |add_var_unianova_2|

   | 

#. | The results is shown in the right panel:

   |output_unianova|

   |

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------

.. |nominal|               image:: ../_images/variable-nominal.*
   :width: 16px
.. |continuous|            image:: ../_images/variable-continuous.*
   :width: 16px
.. |data_format_unianova|  image:: ../_images/jg_data_format_unianova.jpg
   :width: 40%
.. |select_unianova|       image:: ../_images/jg_select_unianova.jpg
   :width: 45%
.. |add_var_unianova_1|    image:: ../_images/jg_add_var_unianova_1.jpg
   :width: 70%
.. |add_var_unianova_2|    image:: ../_images/jg_add_var_unianova_2.jpg
   :width: 70%
.. |output_unianova|       image:: ../_images/jg_output_unianova.jpg
   :width: 70%

Commit message:

Finished getting-started parts for German and Norwegian, added reference to lsj in jamovi-guide

getting-started/jg_31_unianova.rst, after:

.. sectionauthor:: `Jonas Rafi <https://www.su.se/english/profiles/jora9288-1.283149>`__

=============
ANOVA: Oneway
=============

| How to perform a Oneway ANOVA in jamovi:

#. | You need one grouping variable and one continuous outcome variable.
     Make sure that the `measurement levels are set correctly
     <um_2_first-steps.html#data-variables>`_ so that the grouping
     variable is marked as |nominal| and the continuous variable is
     marked as |continuous|.
     
   | A correct setup should look similar to this:  

   |data_format_unianova|
   
   |

#. | Select ``Analyses`` → ``ANOVA`` → ``One-way ANOVA``.

   |select_unianova|

   | 

#. | Drag and drop your outcome variable to ``Dependent Variable`` and
     your grouping variable to ``Fixed Factors``.

   |add_var_unianova_1|

   | 

#. | Select whether your variances are equal or unequal. To test for
     equality of variancess using Levene’s test, tick the box ``Equality
     of variances``.

   |add_var_unianova_2|

   | 

#. | The results is shown in the right panel:

   |output_unianova|

   |
     
#. | For those, looking got an in-depth introduction, you may read the
     respective chapter in the “Learning statistics with jamovi” `part of this
     documentation <../lsj/Ch13_ANOVA_01.html>`__ or chapter 13.1 - 6 of the
     `e-book <https://www.learnstatswithjamovi.com/>`__.

   |

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------

.. |nominal|               image:: ../_images/variable-nominal.*
   :width: 16px
.. |continuous|            image:: ../_images/variable-continuous.*
   :width: 16px
.. |data_format_unianova|  image:: ../_images/jg_data_format_unianova.jpg
   :width: 40%
.. |select_unianova|       image:: ../_images/jg_select_unianova.jpg
   :width: 45%
.. |add_var_unianova_1|    image:: ../_images/jg_add_var_unianova_1.jpg
   :width: 70%
.. |add_var_unianova_2|    image:: ../_images/jg_add_var_unianova_2.jpg
   :width: 70%
.. |output_unianova|       image:: ../_images/jg_output_unianova.jpg
   :width: 70%
